AV-101448 - Documentation update all datasources (#328)
couchbasecloud/terraform-provider-couchbase-capella: docs/data-sources/project_events.md

page_title: "couchbase-capella_project_events Data Source - terraform-provider-couchbase-capella"
subcategory: ""
description: |-

>   Data source to retrieve all event information for a project. Events represent a trail of actions that users performs within Capella at project level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The data source to retrieve all event information for a project. Events represent a trail of actions that users performs within Capella at project level.
```

---

# couchbase-capella_project_events (Data Source)

> Data source to retrieve all event information for a project. Events represent a trail of actions that users performs within Capella at project level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The data source to retrieve all event information for a project. Events represent a trail of actions that users performs within Capella at project level.
```

> Data source to retrieve all events information for a Capella project. Events represent a trail of actions that users performs within Capella at project level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data source to retrieve all event information for a project. Events represent a trail of actions that users performs within Capella at project level.
```

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "couchbase-capella_project_events" "existing_project_events" {
  organization_id = "<organization_id>"
  project_id      = "<project_id>"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

> - `organization_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the Capella organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `organization_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the organization.
```

### Optional

> - `cluster_ids` (Set of String) List of clusterIds to filter on. By default events corresponding to all clusters are returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `cluster_ids` (Set of String) List of clusterIds to filter on. By default, events corresponding to all clusters are returned.
```

- `from` (String) Start date in RFC3339 format. If not provided, events starting from last 24 hours are returned.
- `page` (Number) Sets the page you would like to view.
- `per_page` (Number) Sets the number of results you would like to have on each page.
- `project_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the project.
- `severity_levels` (Set of String) Filter by severity levels. Default is to return events corresponding to all supported severity levels.
- `sort_by` (String) Sets the order of how you would like to sort the results and the key you would like to order by. Valid fields to sort the results are: severity, timestamp.
- `sort_direction` (String) The order in which the items will be sorted.

> - `tags` (Set of String) Filter by tags. Default is to return events corresponding to all supported tag. Tags are availability, billing, maintenance, performance, security, alert.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `tags` (Set of String) Filter by tags. Default is to return events corresponding to all supported tag. The tags are: availability, billing, maintenance, performance, security, alert.
```

Read-Only:

- `alert_key` (String) Populated on demand based on the Event.Key and select labels in KV.

> - `app_service_id` (String) SyncGatewayID this Event refers to.

Reviewer: We use Sync Gateway and App Service interchangeably. We should be consistent. Is there a preference to which we wanted to select? I would argue App Service as it's the nomenclature we use in the Capella UI.

Author: This could be an enhancement, we should discuss with the PM and team to decide on this as it needs to be changed on the management API docs as well. We can take it up separately, lets keep as it is for now :)

> - `app_service_name` (String) Name of the sync gateway at the time of event emission.

Reviewer: We use Sync Gateway and App Service interchangeably. We should be consistent. Is there a preference to which we wanted to select? I would argue App Service as it's the nomenclature we use in the Capella UI.

Author: This could be an enhancement, we should discuss with the PM and team to decide on this as it needs to be changed on the management API docs as well. We can take it up separately, lets keep as it is for now :)

> - `cluster_id` (String) ClusterID this Event refers to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `cluster_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the cluster.
```

- `cluster_name` (String) Name of the cluster at the time of event emission.

> - `id` (String) UUID for this instance of an Event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `id` (String) The UUID for this instance of an event.
```

> - `image_url` (String) Rendered chart image to display for an Alert Event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `image_url` (String) URL to a rendered chart image representing the alert event.
```

- `incident_ids` (Set of String) Group events related to an alert incident.

> - `key` (String) Defines the specific kind of Event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `key` (String) Defines the specific kind of event.
```

- `kv` (String) Key-value pairs for additional event data.
- `occurrence_count` (Number) Number of times the alert has fired within this "incident".

> - `project_id` (String) ProjectID this Event refers to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `project_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the project. 
```

- `project_name` (String) Name of the project at the time of event emission.

> - `request_id` (String) RequestID for an Event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `request_id` (String) The request ID for an event.
```

> - `session_id` (String) User that initiated the request for this Event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `session_id` (String) User that initiated the request for this event.
```

- `severity` (String) Severity of the event.
- `source` (String) Identifies the originator of the event.
- `summary` (String) Metadata.SummaryTemplate rendered for this event.
- `timestamp` (String) Time when the event was emitted.
- `user_email` (String) Email of the associated user at the time of event emission.

> - `user_id` (String) User id that initiated the request for this Event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `user_id` (String) User ID that initiated the request for this event.
```
